[SEP-0006] Add Soroban contract account and SEP-0045 support (#1782)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0006.md

| `asset_code`         | string                            | Code of the on-chain asset the user wants to withdraw. The value passed must match one of the codes listed in the [/info](#info) response's withdraw object.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `funding_method`     | string                            | A method supported by the Anchor for transferring or settling assets. Must match one of the values specified in the corresponding `/info` response. This field is required to help the Anchor identify the necessary KYC information to collect.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `account`            | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | (optional) The Stellar or muxed account the client will use as the source of the withdrawal payment to the anchor. If SEP-10 or SEP-45 authentication is not used, the anchor can use `account` to look up the user's KYC information. Note that the account specified in this request could differ from the account authenticated via SEP-10 or SEP-45.                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `account`            | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | (optional) The classic account or muxed account or contract account that the client will use as the source for the withdrawal payment to the anchor. If SEP-10 or SEP-45 authentication is not provided, the anchor may use this account value to retrieve the user’s KYC information. Note that this account may be different from the one authenticated via SEP-10 or SEP-45.                                                                        |
```

| `amount`                      | string                            | The amount of the `source_asset` the user would like to deposit to the anchor's off-chain account. This field may be necessary for the anchor to determine what KYC information is necessary to collect. Should be equals to `quote.sell_amount` if a `quote_id` was used.                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `funding_method`              | string                            | A method supported by the Anchor for transferring or settling assets. Must match one of the values specified in the corresponding `/info` response. This field is required to help the Anchor identify the necessary KYC information to collect.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `account`                     | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | The classic account or contract account or muxed account ID of the user that wants to deposit. This is where the asset token will be sent. Note that the account specified in this request could differ from the account authenticated via SEP-10 or SEP-45.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `account`                     | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | The classic account, muxed account, or contract account where the user wants the deposit to be sent. This is where the asset token will be sent. Note that the account specified in this request could differ from the account authenticated via SEP-10 or SEP-45.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

| `quote_id`                    | string                            | (optional) The `id` returned from a `SEP-38 POST /quote` response. If this parameter is provided and the user delivers the deposit funds to the Anchor before the quote expiration, the Anchor should respect the conversion rate agreed in that quote. If the values of `destination_asset`, `source_asset`, `amount` and `funding_method` conflict with the ones used to create the [SEP-38] quote, this request should be rejected with a `400`.                   |

> | `memo_type`                   | string                            | (optional) Type of memo that the anchor should attach to the Stellar payment transaction, one of `text`, `id` or `hash`. If the `account` is a contract account, the `memo_type` must be `id`. Please note that, if SEP-45 is used for authentication, the `memo_type` must be `id`.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: Removed the duplicated description.

| `quote_id`           | string                            | (optional) The `id` returned from a `SEP-38 POST /quote` response. If this parameter is provided and the Stellar transaction used to send the asset to the Anchor has a [`created_at`](https://developers.stellar.org/api/resources/transactions/object/) timestamp earlier than the quote's `expires_at` attribute, the Anchor should respect the conversion rate agreed in that quote. If the values of `destination_asset`, `source_asset`, `amount` and `funding_method` conflict with the ones used to create the [SEP-38] quote, this request should be rejected with a `400`. |

> | `account`            | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | The classic account, muxed account, or contract account where the clients wants the deposit to be sent. This is where the asset token will be sent. Note that the account specified in this request could differ from the account authenticated via SEP-10 or SEP-45.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Ok please update using your best knowledge? This is for withdraw not deposit tho

> | `account`            | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | The classic account, muxed account, or contract account where the clients wants the deposit to be sent. This is where the asset token will be sent. Note that the account specified in this request could differ from the account authenticated via SEP-10 or SEP-45.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Author: It was a mistake to change the original text. I had reverted back.

| `quote_id`           | string                            | (optional) The `id` returned from a `SEP-38 POST /quote` response. If this parameter is provided and the Stellar transaction used to send the asset to the Anchor has a [`created_at`](https://developers.stellar.org/api/resources/transactions/object/) timestamp earlier than the quote's `expires_at` attribute, the Anchor should respect the conversion rate agreed in that quote. If the values of `destination_asset`, `source_asset`, `amount` and `funding_method` conflict with the ones used to create the [SEP-38] quote, this request should be rejected with a `400`. |

> | `account`            | `G...` or `M...` or `C...` string | (optional) The classic account, contract account or muxed account of the user that wants to do the withdrawal. This is only needed if the anchor requires KYC information for withdrawal and SEP-10 or SEP-45 authentication is not used. Instead, the anchor can use `account` to look up the user's KYC information. Note that the account specified in this request could differ from the account authenticated via SEP-10.                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: same as above?
